A simple reading app that started as so much more, but now this is what it is. This is the starting point; I hope to come back to this and add more features as I get things sorted out. Looking back at some of the brainstorming ideas, I see that many little things in a project didn't go together.  For now, I will start with this app to help me keep track of what I'm reading. And who knows, once I get all the features I want in this app, I'll branch out and try to implement some of my other ideas. With this project, I'm pretty sure I will return to make changes as I flesh out the ideas. 

# Log
As of 2025-05-14, it is a basic reading tracker that lets users add notes as they read. In the edit view, there are some details that I will make a note to change or redo once I make some decisions. 

# Future features
- A way to rate the book. I'm still unsure about a full-on review since I don't like ranking or reviewing things.
- Automatic timer system/setup. I was overthinking this feature (especially regarding implementation) because I wanted something like this for my reading app.  Yes, it is often easy to see when a book started or finished, but it would be interesting to know how much reading time was spent on the book.  For example, looking at the dates, it might have taken a month to read a book, but maybe that was a hectic month, and you didn't have as much time to read. There is a stepper right now, so the user would have to keep track of their own time and manually add it.
  - Something like the notes, that is tied to the book, where users will have a button on the main page to start/stop the timer.  The event will have a start time, end time, and duration. Once the event is completed, the duration will automatically be added to the elapsed time of the book. And when an event is deleted, the same amount of time will be subtracted from the number (after checking that there will be no negative time).
  - Another route would be to note the start time; when it ends, just automatically add it to the elapsed time. But I don't like the fact that there is only one log of time. 
- Stats. Seeing how many books were finished in a month/year is always fun. As well as the genre, types of reading, or how the tbr list grew/shrank over time. While it can be a simple additional tab to the main view, I couldn't decide on what data to show on this page, so it is on the back burner for now. 
